---
layout: default
title: ng-idle
category: 工具
comments: true
---

Offcial: [ng2-idle in GitHub](https://github.com/HackedByChinese/ng-idle){:target="_blank"}

示例地址：[ng2-idle example](https://hackedbychinese.github.io/ng2-idle/){:target="_blank"}

[idle.ts](https://github.com/HackedByChinese/ng2-idle/blob/master/modules/core/src/idle.ts){:target="_blank"}

API:
### setIdleName(key: string): void 
Sets the idle name for localStorage.
* Important to set if multiple instances of Idle with LocalStorageExpiry
* @param The name of the idle.

### getKeepaliveEnabled(): boolean
Returns whether or not keepalive integration is enabled.
* @return True if integration is enabled; otherwise, false.

### setKeepaliveEnabled(value: boolean): boolean
Sets and returns whether or not keepalive integration is enabled.
* @param True if the integration is enabled; otherwise, false.
* @return The current value.

### getTimeout(): number
Returns the current timeout value.
* @return The timeout value in seconds.

### setTimeout(seconds: number|boolean): number
Sets the timeout value.
* @param seconds - The timeout value in seconds. 0 or false to disable timeout feature.
* @return The current value. If disabled, the value will be 0.

### getIdle(): number
Returns the current idle value.
* @return The idle value in seconds.

### setIdle(seconds: number): number
Sets the idle value.
* @param seconds - The idle value in seconds.
* @return The idle value in seconds.

### setAutoResume(value: AutoResume)
Returns the current autoresume value.
* @return The current value.

### setAutoResume(value: AutoResume): AutoResume

### setInterrupts(sources: Array<InterruptSource>): Array<Interrupt>
Sets interrupts from the specified sources.
* @param sources - Interrupt sources.
* @return The resulting interrupts.  

### getInterrupts(): Array<Interrupt>
Returns the current interrupts.
* @return The current interrupts.

### clearInterrupts(): void 
Pauses, unsubscribes, and clears the current interrupt subscriptions.

### isRunning(): boolean 
Returns whether or not the service is running i.e. watching for idleness.
* @return True if service is watching; otherwise, false.

### isIdling(): boolean
Returns whether or not the user is considered idle.
* @return True if the user is in the idle state; otherwise, false.

### watch(skipExpiry?: boolean): void
Starts watching for inactivity.

### stop()
Stops watching for inactivity.

### timeout() 
Forces a timeout event and state.

### interrupt(force?: boolean) 
Signals that user activity has occurred. 
* @param force - Forces watch to be called, unless they are timed out.
